you know even after all these years
Brooklyn still finds ways to surprise me
last night after the show I was walking
over to Barclays with Alicia Keys they
at a concert over there and I saw a rat
the size of a toddler dead in the street
Oh jump of course I uh I picked it up
and I I held it right above my head and
I turned to Alicia Keys and I said
welcome to Arby's can I take your order
hey speaking of dead things did you
watch the Jets last night watching the
Jets try to run on the Patriots was like
watching Bill DeBlasio run for president
the
as you know loss to the Patriots 33 to
zero
many Jets fans say it was their finest
performance in many years by the way how
do you like our set this is our
beautiful set this train station isn't
the only the only place in New York
where the trains run on time and the
subway as you guys know is a dirty
horrible disease and ridden grime and
vermin infested place the closest thing
we have to in LA is the hot tub on The
Bachelor but the union in charge of
cleaning the subway of the union that
cleans the cars is having a contest
offering a cash prize to whomever can
find and photograph the filthiest spot
with the possibility of winning $500 you
can enter what is billed as a photo
contest Transit Workers Union Local 100
wants to see on this website what
amounts to the trashiest subway cars
that riders encountered why would they
have a contest why would they just don't
clean it up an answer to this contest
let me see if I have this contest
straight all I have to do to win $500 is
take a dump on the a-train and shoot a
picture of it good contest there guys
oh speaking of contests I want to
introduce you we're skiing our gear mold
please bring out the air I'm all well
your gear
[Applause]
[Laughter]
all right
[Applause]
so Jim I'll come over here for a second
thanks guys all right thank you for
bringing him out
you were scared weren't ya Nolan
Guillermo is pretend smiling he goes
like this yeah I know you are a scared
of heights if you liked that video then
put a ring on it click the subscribe
button below
Oh